dev/reference/configuration: add TiDB specific variables for 3.0 (#1212)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/configuration/tidb-server/tidb-specific-variables.md

- Default value: 0
- This variable is used to set whether the optimizer executes the optimization operation of unfolding the "in-" subquery.

### tidb_auto_analyze_ratio

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Default value: 0.5

> - This variable is used to set the threshold value for the automatic updates by `ANALYZE` statements. For the table `tbl`, when the ratio of the number of the modified rows and the total rows is greater than `tidb_auto_analyze_ratio` and the current time is between `tidb_auto_analyze_start_time` and `tidb_auto_analyze_end_time`, TiDB executes the `ANALYZE TABLE tbl` statement in the background to automatically update the statistics of the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to set the threshold when TiDB will automatically execute [`ANALYZE TABLE`](/dev/reference/sql/statements/analyze-table.md) in a background thread to update table statistics. For example, a value of 0.5 means that auto-analyze will be triggered when greater than 50% of the rows in a table have been modified.  Auto-analyze can be restricted to only execute during certain hours of the day by specifying `tidb_auto_analyze_start_time` and `tidb_auto_analyze_end_time`.
```

> **Note:**
>
> Only when the `run-auto-analyze` option is enabled in the starting configuration file of TiDB, the `auto_analyze` feature can be triggered.

### tidb_auto_analyze_start_time

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Default value: 00:00 +0000

> - This variable is used to set the start time of a day, after which the automatic updates by `ANALYZE` statements are allowed.

Reviewer: This is a little misleading since you are not running the ANALYZE statement directly. Here is my attempt to clarify:
```suggestion
- This variable is used to restrict the time window that the automatic update of statistics is permitted. For example, to only allow automatic statistics updates between 1AM and 3AM, set `tidb_auto_analyze_start_time='01:00 +0000'` and `tidb_auto_analyze_end_time='03:00 +0000'`.
```

### tidb_auto_analyze_end_time

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Default value: 23:59 +0000

> - This variable is used to set the end time of a day, before which the automatic updates by `ANALYZE` statements are allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to restrict the time window that the automatic update of statistics is permitted. For example, to only allow automatic statistics updates between 1AM and 3AM, set `tidb_auto_analyze_start_time='01:00 +0000'` and `tidb_auto_analyze_end_time='03:00 +0000'`.
```
